yeah interesting topic that came up this
morning uh Bob Arum says that that
anticipated matchup that everybody wants
to see the Pacquiao Mayweather fight is
never gonna happen
Mayweather is the chicken here's some of
what he said quote he understands boxing
and Mayweather cannot compete with Manny
it's the right hand of Manny that is
preventing that fight from happening if
Manny agreed just to jab with the right
hand the fight will be made in 30
seconds this arrow right is Mayweather
afraid of Pacquiao is he right I have
been saying this for two years
glory be and thank you Bob Arum for
filing speaking the truth and calling
out Floyd Mayweather if nothing else is
a promoter to try to shame him into this
fight because that's probably a long
time ago skin and you know now that it
looks like it might not happen he's
trying to prod Mayweather to be mad and
said all right I'm gonna fire them but I
completely concur the right hand is why
Floyd doesn't want any part of Pacquiao
the right hand is why Pretty Boy Floyd
would get cut for the first time in his
career in the right hand is why I think
Floyd as Aaron suggests would be dropped
in this fight by the third or fourth
round it would be over quickly painfully
and humiliatingly for one annoyed they
were I'm so struggling with the idea
that Mayweather is afraid I mean a guy
who's won and done all the things that
he's done I'm dizzy I didn't bruise
enough you know but afraid I don't know
if that's the right word but the other
part is why isn't there a fight well
this is the fight that should happen
inside can say he's a chicken he won't
get tested I'm not gameday you know not
fight this wise but it's equal and even
for both sides they're not gonna test
mayweather a week before in Pacquiao
it's like it's such a technicality like
it's not like Pat Gail hasn't but
Pangalos drop it detective Allen even
you know Pacquiao could look like the
bigger man here and say if this is the
issue and he won't and he'll fight me as
long as I'll test on as long as they can
draw my blood on fight day
stick me fight day and let's get it on
then there's no excuse for anyone
look if Boyd were the defensive
technician and boxing savant that
everybody saw his fans say that he is he
wouldn't be afraid of inia they could
figure that right hand out or steroids
whatever I just do because you can't
touch me you can't catch me and I will
pick you to pieces because I'm quicker
and smarter than but what I don't
understand is the whole thing what is it
there's the steroids gonna work if you
take a test a week before and then you
stick them like you know I mean like
before the fight or blood drawn before a
fight but bumperdome a mother saying
that that that's not acceptable a week
for brown walk well if you did it the
day before claimed to be a doctor here
but I do remember Floyd Landis the way I
remember it from his positive tests it
was alleged that he tested he took the
testosterone like the day of the or the
day before to get that extra boost of
energy
what is boxing in the tenth and eleventh
and twelfth rounds it is a test of
endurance and but more fluid couldn't
you take it right now for your blood
test to the doctor in the house I don't
know the answers that's what I'm in I
don't know are you take my blood I go in
the other room and now I tell you it's
one big excuse for Floyd and he's
ducking and will continue and I agree
with them bottom line this fight will
never ever happen because he's scared
how do you think it'll ever happen no
way would you like the chicken thing
like I want the chicken dead alright